# ReDraw - Force-Directed Layout of Order Diagrams using Dimensional Reduction

This repository contains the code and data for the paper "Force-Directed Layout of Order Diagrams using Dimensional Reduction".

## Instructions

In order to use this code a [conexp-clj](https://github.com/tomhanika/conexp-clj) REST-API-instance has to run on the same machine.

## Folder Structure

data: This folder contains the test-dataset.

drawings: This folder contains for each context in data a drawing generated as generated by ReDraw.

## Data Sources
+ bodiesofwater.cxt: Formal context described in [1].
+ car.ctx: Formal context described in [1].
+ convexordinal.ctx: Formal context described in [1].
+ ForumRomanum.cxt: Formal context described in [1].
+ living_beings_and_water.cxt: Formal context described in [1].
+ linear_extensions.ctx: Formal context described in [2].
+ toplevelcategories.cxt: Formal context described in [2].
+ ice_cream.ctx: Array of Products of Ben & Jerry's Homemade Holdings Inc.
+ futtertabelle.cxt: Food recommendations for various  bird species.
+ triangles.cxt: Formal context from [3].
+ ganter.cxt: Formal context from [4].
+ therapy.ctx: Formal context from [5].
+ Cn3.cxt: Contranominal scale of dimension 3.
+ Cn4.cxt: Contranominal scale of dimension 4.
+ Cn5.cxt: Contranominal scale of dimension 5.
+ Cn6.cxt: Contranominal scale of dimension 6.
+ mushroom15_0.cxt: 15 objects and 15 attributes sampled from [6].
+ mushroom15_1.cxt: 15 objects and 15 attributes sampled from [6].
+ mushroom15_2.cxt: 15 objects and 15 attributes sampled from [6].
+ mushroom15_3.cxt: 15 objects and 15 attributes sampled from [6].
+ mushroom15_4.cxt: 15 objects and 15 attributes sampled from [6].
+ mushroom15_5.cxt: 15 objects and 15 attributes sampled from [6].
+ mushroom15_6.cxt: 15 objects and 15 attributes sampled from [6].
+ mushroom15_7.cxt: 15 objects and 15 attributes sampled from [6].
+ mushroom15_8.cxt: 15 objects and 15 attributes sampled from [6].
+ random0.cxt: Random context with 7 objects and 7 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random1.cxt: Random context with 7 objects and 7 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random2.cxt: Random context with 7 objects and 7 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random3.cxt: Random context with 7 objects and 7 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random4.cxt: Random context with 7 objects and 7 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random5.cxt: Random context with 7 objects and 7 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random6.cxt: Random context with 7 objects and 7 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random7.cxt: Random context with 7 objects and 7 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random8.cxt: Random context with 7 objects and 7 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random9.cxt: Random context with 7 objects and 7 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random5_0.c: Random context with 5 objects and 5 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random5_1.cxt: Random context with 5 objects and 5 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random5_2.cxt: Random context with 5 objects and 5 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random5_3.cxt: Random context with 5 objects and 5 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random5_4.cxt: Random context with 5 objects and 5 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random5_5.cxt: Random context with 5 objects and 5 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random5_6.cxt: Random context with 5 objects and 5 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random5_7.cxt: Random context with 5 objects and 5 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random5_8.cxt: Random context with 5 objects and 5 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random5_9.cxt: Random context with 5 objects and 5 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random10_0.cxt: Random context with 10 objects and 10 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random10_1.cxt: Random context with 10 objects and 10 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random10_2.cxt: Random context with 10 objects and 10 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random10_3.cxt: Random context with 10 objects and 10 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random10_4.cxt: Random context with 10 objects and 10 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random10_5.cxt: Random context with 10 objects and 10 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random10_6.cxt: Random context with 10 objects and 10 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random10_7.cxt: Random context with 10 objects and 10 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random10_8.cxt: Random context with 10 objects and 10 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ random10_9.cxt: Random context with 10 objects and 10 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.5.
+ randomsmall0.cxt: Random context with 6 objects and 6 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.6.
+ randomsmall1.cxt: Random context with 6 objects and 6 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.6.
+ randomsmall2.cxt: Random context with 6 objects and 6 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.6.
+ randomsmall3.cxt: Random context with 6 objects and 6 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.6.
+ randomsmall4.cxt: Random context with 6 objects and 6 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.6.
+ randomsmall5.cxt: Random context with 6 objects and 6 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.6.
+ randomsmall6.cxt: Random context with 6 objects and 6 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.6.
+ randomsmall7.cxt: Random context with 6 objects and 6 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.6.
+ randomsmall8.cxt: Random context with 6 objects and 6 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.6.
+ randomsmall9.cxt: Random context with 6 objects and 6 attributes. Each cross has probability 0.6.
+ zoo10_0.cxt: 10 objects and 10 attributes sampled from [6].
+ zoo10_1.cxt: 10 objects and 10 attributes sampled from [6].
+ zoo10_2.cxt: 10 objects and 10 attributes sampled from [6].
+ zoo10_3.cxt: 10 objects and 10 attributes sampled from [6].
+ zoo10_4.cxt: 10 objects and 10 attributes sampled from [6].
+ zoo10_5.cxt: 10 objects and 10 attributes sampled from [6].
+ zoo10_6.cxt: 10 objects and 10 attributes sampled from [6].
+ zoo10_7.cxt: 10 objects and 10 attributes sampled from [6].
+ zoo10_8.cxt: 10 objects and 10 attributes sampled from [6].
+ zoo10_9.cxt: 10 objects and 10 attributes sampled from [6].


[1] Ganter, B., Wille, R.: Formal Concept Analysis: Mathematical Foundations

[2] Ganter, B.: Diskrete Mathematik: Geordnete Mengen

[3] Stumme, G., Wille, R.: A geometrical heuristic for drawing concept lattices

[4] Ganter, B.: Conflict Avoidance in Additive Order Diagrams

[5] Glodeanu, C.V., Ganter, B.: Applications of Ordinal Factor Analysis

[6] https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/mushroom
